doc: Update database user docs to use newer admonition convention and fix password attribute (#4445)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/database_user.md

Each user has a set of roles that provide access to the project’s databases. User's roles apply to all the clusters in the project: if two clusters have a `products` database and a user has a role granting `read` access on the products database, the user has that access on both clusters.

> ~> **WARNING:** The password argument is required for creation but should be removed after creation if it will be managed externally. More details can be found in the password argument documentation.

Reviewer: nit: Why are we removing this consideration? Should we simply refine the incorrect `required` statement?

Author: In aim to keep consistency with the feedback of matching with the docs for service_accounts, and the fact that we also mention the same information on the description of the `password` field, I believe it's duplication of information. I'm not sure if having an additional warning for only one specific type of auth should be kept, I'd be more in favor of leaving it on the description of the parameter

Reviewer: ack, I see guidance is clear in password attribute

> ~> **IMPORTANT WARNING:** All arguments including the password will be stored in the raw state as plain-text. [Read more about sensitive data in state.](https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/sensitive-data.html)

Reviewer 2: I'd like to move closer to the PAK / SA wording:
```suggestion
~> **IMPORTANT WARNING:** Managing passwords with Terraform exposes sensitive organizational secrets in Terraform's state. We suggest following [Terraform's best practices](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/state/sensitive-data).
```

Author: Addressed in [7a69a18](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/4445/commits/7a69a184fcde82d54a795d2198db197151789501)

* `project_id` - (Required) The unique ID for the project to create the database user, also known as `groupId` in the official documentation.
* `roles` - (Required) 	List of user’s roles and the databases / collections on which the roles apply. A role allows the user to perform particular actions on the specified database. A role on the admin database can include privileges that apply to the other databases as well. See [Roles](#roles) below for more details.
* `username` - (Required) Username for authenticating to MongoDB. USER_ARN or ROLE_ARN if `aws_iam_type` is USER or ROLE.

> * `password` - (Optional) User's initial password. Only applicable for password-based authentication. The argument may be removed from your Terraform configuration after user creation without impacting the user, password or Terraform management. If you do change management of the password to outside of Terraform it is advised to remove the argument from the Terraform configuration. IMPORTANT --- Passwords will be stored in the Terraform state file as plain-text.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `password` - (Optional) User's initial password. Only applicable for password-based authentication. You can remove this argument from your Terraform configuration after user creation without impacting the user, password, or Terraform management. If you change your password management to outside of Terraform, we advise removing the argument from the Terraform configuration. **IMPORTANT:** The Terraform state file stores passwords as plain text.
```

Author: Addressed in [fec79a4](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/4445/commits/fec79a4fb90535f6ac77515295613e8962c31278)

> * `password` - (Optional) User's initial password. Only applicable for password-based authentication. The argument may be removed from your Terraform configuration after user creation without impacting the user, password or Terraform management. If you do change management of the password to outside of Terraform it is advised to remove the argument from the Terraform configuration. IMPORTANT --- Passwords may show up in Terraform related logs and it will be stored in the Terraform state file as plain-text. Password can be changed after creation using your preferred method, e.g. via the MongoDB Atlas UI, to ensure security.

Reviewer 2: The field is marked as sensitive, it should never show up in TF logs. I would remove the last sentence:
```suggestion
* `password` - (Optional) User's initial password. Only applicable for password-based authentication. The argument may be removed from your Terraform configuration after user creation without impacting the user, password or Terraform management. If you do change management of the password to outside of Terraform it is advised to remove the argument from the Terraform configuration.
```

Author: Agreed that we can remove the TF logs part, but I'd definitely keep the rest of the test as it's still relevant (sensitive values still show at plan time). I did some refinement on [7a69a18](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/4445/commits/7a69a184fcde82d54a795d2198db197151789501), let me know if it's better
